packages/wallet-lib/docs/usage/account.md, before:

## Account

In Wallet-Lib, an Account represent in an ideal condition (HDWallet) a specific BIP44 path instance (in case of a singleAddress - fromPrivateKey, the concept of multiple account vanish).
This Account hold all the method that one might want to use, from creating a transaction to getting the transaction history. 

Account will also emit differents [events](#Events) that you can listen for.
## Create an Account

```
const account = wallet.createAccount([opts]);
const account = new Account(wallet, [opts]);
```

##### options

> **cacheTx** : Bool(def: true) : Allow to disable all transaction caching

> **allowSensitiveOperations** : Bool(def: false) : When set at true, allow plugins to access storage or sensible information. 

> **injectDefaultPlugins** : Bool(def: true) : When set at false, disable default plugins (SyncWorker, ChainWorker, BIP44Worker)

> **accountIndex** : Num(def: accounts.length) : Allow to specify which index you wish to create

> **label** : String : Allow to attach a label to an Account (Savings,...)

> **network** : String(def: testnet) : Will be used to set the network for various crypto manipulation (genAddr)

> **plugins** : Array(def: []) : Allow to pass specific plugins to a wallet (see Plugins documentation).

> **cache** : Allow to pass a cache object (for manual import of state)

> **cache.addresses** Array|Object 

> **cache.transactions** Array|Object 

---
### Broadcast Transaction

`const txid = await account.broadcastTransaction(tx)`
`const txid = await account.broadcastTransaction(rawtx)`

##### params

> **rawtx** : {String|Transaction} - A valid hexadecimal represation of a transaction or Transaction object.


---

### Get Addresses

Will return all the addresses currently watched / known, in case of a HD44, it return all used address + 20 unused.

```
const addresses = account.getAddresses();
const internalAddresses = account.getAddresses('internal');
```
##### params

> **type** : Enum[external, internal, misc] (default:external) :  Return the specified type addresses

---

### Get Unused Address

`const address = account.getUnusedAddress()`

##### params

> **type** : Enum[external, internal, misc] (default:external) :  Return the specified type addresses

> **skip** : Num (default:0)

---

### Get total Balance

Will return the total (conf + unconfirmed) balance amount in satoshis,

`const balance = account.getTotalBalance()`

##### params

> **displayDuffs** : Boolean (default:true) : When set at true return in Duffs, else what in Dash.

---

---

### Get Confirmed Balance

Will return the confirmed balance amount in satoshis,

`const balance = account.getConfirmedBalance()`

##### params

> **displayDuffs** : Boolean (default:true) : When set at true return in Duffs, else what in Dash.

---

---

### Get unconfirmed Balance

Will return the unconfirmed balance amount in satoshis,

`const balance = account.getUnconfirmedBalance()`

##### params

> **displayDuffs** : Boolean (default:true) : When set at true return in Duffs, else what in Dash.

---


### Create Transaction

The transaction creation method return you a signed transaction object. , also called rawtx.   
The hexadecimal representation (also called rawtx) can be obtain by doing `tx.toString()`. 
See the Dashcore-lib.Transaction documenation for more methods. 
To broadcast a transaction, use [Account.broadcastTransaction(tx)](#broadcast-transaction) method.


`const rawtx = account.createTransaction(opts)`

##### opts

> **amount** : Num - Amount in dash that you want to send

> **satoshis** : Num - Amount in satoshis

> **recipient** : Address - Address of the recipient

> **change** : Address(def: First internal unused) - Address where remaining will be sent

> **isInstantSend** : Bool (def:false) -- If you want to use IS or stdTx.

> **deductFee** : Bool (def: True) - Specify if you want to deduct fee from the coinSelection process

> **privateKeys** : Array[PrivateKey] : Will overwrite the behavior of autosearching for keys and sign using those instead.

> **opts.utxos** : Array[utxos] (def: all known available utxos) - UTXOS from where spend. Allow granular control. - optional

> **opts.strategy** : {String|Function} (def: 'simpleTransactionOptimizedAccumulator') - Allow you to specify the coinselection strategy to apply - optional

> **opts.recipients** : Object{recipient,satoshis} - Allow you to send to multiple recipients - optional. Override recipient/satoshis and amount values.

---


### Get Transaction

```
const tx = account.getTransaction(${txid});
```

##### params

> **txid** : TxId : Allow to get a transaction by it's txid

---

### Get Transaction history

```
const txHistory = account.getTransactionHistory();
```

---

### Get UTXO

`const utxos = account.getUTXOS()`

##### params

> **onlyAvailable** : Boolean (def : true) : When set at true, only return the UTXOS avaliable (6+ conf)

---

### Get Private Keys

`const privateKeys = account.getPrivateKeys(addressList)`

##### params

> **addressList** : Array[String] - required

---

### Sign

`const signedTransaction = account.sign(transaction, privatekeys, sigtype)`

---

### Disconnect

```
account.disconnect();
```

Commit message:

impr: evonet connectivity and related improvement (dashevo/wallet-lib#93)
* chore: updating DAPIClient seed to evonet

* feat(KeyChain): added getHardenedDIP9FeaturePath + rename to BIP44 prev

* doc(KeyChain): added TS definition

* impr(Wallet): generate new mnemonic when null passed

* doc: getUnusedAddress docfix

* feat(DIP9): constants

* feat: added isInitialized() and isReady() sugar-syntax

* fix: KeyChain doc + export all in index.d.ts + type for getHardened

* fix(Account): state.isReady + typings

* doc: added account.index to typing definition

* fix: tests

* chore: updated dependencies version to latest

* chore: removed unused bls-sig package

* chore: bump wallet-lib to 5.0.0

* chore: removed unused dev-dep nodeforage

packages/wallet-lib/docs/usage/account.md, after:

## Account

In Wallet-Lib, an Account represent in an ideal condition (HDWallet) a specific BIP44 path instance (in case of a singleAddress - fromPrivateKey, the concept of multiple account vanish).
This Account hold all the method that one might want to use, from creating a transaction to getting the transaction history. 

Account will also emit differents [events](#Events) that you can listen for.
A sugar-syntax replacement for `account.events.on('ready'), exist in a promise : await account.isReady()`

## Create an Account

```
const account = wallet.createAccount([opts]);
const account = new Account(wallet, [opts]);
```

##### options

> **cacheTx** : Bool(def: true) : Allow to disable all transaction caching

> **allowSensitiveOperations** : Bool(def: false) : When set at true, allow plugins to access storage or sensible information. 

> **injectDefaultPlugins** : Bool(def: true) : When set at false, disable default plugins (SyncWorker, ChainWorker, BIP44Worker)

> **accountIndex** : Num(def: accounts.length) : Allow to specify which index you wish to create

> **label** : String : Allow to attach a label to an Account (Savings,...)

> **network** : String(def: testnet) : Will be used to set the network for various crypto manipulation (genAddr)

> **plugins** : Array(def: []) : Allow to pass specific plugins to a wallet (see Plugins documentation).

> **cache** : Allow to pass a cache object (for manual import of state)

> **cache.addresses** Array|Object 

> **cache.transactions** Array|Object 

---
### Broadcast Transaction

`const txid = await account.broadcastTransaction(tx)`
`const txid = await account.broadcastTransaction(rawtx)`

##### params

> **rawtx** : {String|Transaction} - A valid hexadecimal represation of a transaction or Transaction object.


---

### Get Addresses

Will return all the addresses currently watched / known, in case of a HD44, it return all used address + 20 unused.

```
const addresses = account.getAddresses();
const internalAddresses = account.getAddresses('internal');
```
##### params

> **type** : Enum[external, internal, misc] (default:external) :  Return the specified type addresses

---

### Get Unused Address

`const address = account.getUnusedAddress()`

##### params

> **type** : Enum[external, internal, misc] (default:external) :  Return the specified type addresses

> **skip** : Num (default:0)

---

### Get total Balance

Will return the total (conf + unconfirmed) balance amount in satoshis,

`const balance = account.getTotalBalance()`

##### params

> **displayDuffs** : Boolean (default:true) : When set at true return in Duffs, else what in Dash.

---

---

### Get Confirmed Balance

Will return the confirmed balance amount in satoshis,

`const balance = account.getConfirmedBalance()`

##### params

> **displayDuffs** : Boolean (default:true) : When set at true return in Duffs, else what in Dash.

---

---

### Get unconfirmed Balance

Will return the unconfirmed balance amount in satoshis,

`const balance = account.getUnconfirmedBalance()`

##### params

> **displayDuffs** : Boolean (default:true) : When set at true return in Duffs, else what in Dash.

---


### Create Transaction

The transaction creation method return you a signed transaction object. , also called rawtx.   
The hexadecimal representation (also called rawtx) can be obtain by doing `tx.toString()`. 
See the Dashcore-lib.Transaction documenation for more methods. 
To broadcast a transaction, use [Account.broadcastTransaction(tx)](#broadcast-transaction) method.


`const rawtx = account.createTransaction(opts)`

##### opts

> **amount** : Num - Amount in dash that you want to send

> **satoshis** : Num - Amount in satoshis

> **recipient** : Address - Address of the recipient

> **change** : Address(def: First internal unused) - Address where remaining will be sent

> **isInstantSend** : Bool (def:false) -- If you want to use IS or stdTx.

> **deductFee** : Bool (def: True) - Specify if you want to deduct fee from the coinSelection process

> **privateKeys** : Array[PrivateKey] : Will overwrite the behavior of autosearching for keys and sign using those instead.

> **opts.utxos** : Array[utxos] (def: all known available utxos) - UTXOS from where spend. Allow granular control. - optional

> **opts.strategy** : {String|Function} (def: 'simpleTransactionOptimizedAccumulator') - Allow you to specify the coinselection strategy to apply - optional

> **opts.recipients** : Object{recipient,satoshis} - Allow you to send to multiple recipients - optional. Override recipient/satoshis and amount values.

---


### Get Transaction

```
const tx = account.getTransaction(${txid});
```

##### params

> **txid** : TxId : Allow to get a transaction by it's txid

---

### Get Transaction history

```
const txHistory = account.getTransactionHistory();
```

---

### Get UTXO

`const utxos = account.getUTXOS()`

##### params

> **onlyAvailable** : Boolean (def : true) : When set at true, only return the UTXOS avaliable (6+ conf)

---

### Get Private Keys

`const privateKeys = account.getPrivateKeys(addressList)`

##### params

> **addressList** : Array[String] - required

---

### Sign

`const signedTransaction = account.sign(transaction, privatekeys, sigtype)`

---

### Disconnect

```
account.disconnect();
```
