packages/wallet-lib/docs/getting-started/quickstart.md, before:

# Quick start

### ES5/ES6 via NPM

In order to use this library in Node, you will need to add it to your project as a dependency.

Having [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) installed, just type in your terminal : 

```sh
npm install @dashevo/dashjs
```

### CDN Standalone

For browser usage, you can also directly rely on unpkg :  

```
<script src="https://unpkg.com/@dashevo/wallet-lib"></script>
```

## Initialization

Let's load our Wallet by creating a new Wallet instance specifying our mnemonic.

```js
const { Wallet } = require('@dashevo/wallet-lib');

const opts = {
  network: 'testnet',
  mnemonic: "arena light cheap control apple buffalo indicate rare motor valid accident isolate",
};
const wallet = new Wallet(opts);
const account = wallet.getAccount();
account.events.on('ready', _ => console.log('Account ready to be used'));
```

This above code, will by default use DAPI as a transporter and a in-memory store as an adapter.  
One can set any adapter that contains a valid adapter syntax (getItem, setItem), such as [localforage](https://www.npmjs.com/package/localforage).

As you can see, we are waiting for the `ready` event to be thrown before using the Wallet.  
The purpose of this is to ensure that wallet-lib has pre-fetched all required elements (such as your UTXO set) and perform all required tasks (prefetch, sync, validate, workers exec,...) before starting playing with an account.  
Nothing force you to do so, this is mostly an helper provided to you.  


Quick note :
- If no mnemonic is provided (nor any privatekey, HDPubKey,...), a mnemonic will be created for you automatically.  
- By default, if not provided, network value will be `testnet`.
- If no adapter specified, Wallet-lib will use a in-memory store (and warn you about it).
- If no transport specified, Wallet-lib will connect to DAPI.
- `wallet.getAccount()` is by default equivalent to `wallet.getAccount(0)`, where 0 correspond of the account index as per [BIP44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki).

## Make a payment to an address

```js
const options = {
  recipient:{address:'yLptqWxjgTxtwKJuLHoGY222NnoeqYuN8h', satoshis:100000}
};
account
  .createTransaction(options)
  .then((tx)=> console.log(tx));
```

## Broadcast the transaction 

```js
const txid = await account.broadcastTransaction(transaction);
```

## Some rules of thumb

- There is multiple event listeners(socker sync,...), running intervals (service worker,...),
therefore a good way to quit an instance would be to call `account.disconnect()` which will care to
call `clearWorker(), closeSocket()` of the differents elements. You can still decide to remove them by hand if you want.
- Some classic examples of usage can be seen here : [Examples](/usage/examples.md)

Commit message:

impr: evonet connectivity and related improvement (dashevo/wallet-lib#93)
* chore: updating DAPIClient seed to evonet

* feat(KeyChain): added getHardenedDIP9FeaturePath + rename to BIP44 prev

* doc(KeyChain): added TS definition

* impr(Wallet): generate new mnemonic when null passed

* doc: getUnusedAddress docfix

* feat(DIP9): constants

* feat: added isInitialized() and isReady() sugar-syntax

* fix: KeyChain doc + export all in index.d.ts + type for getHardened

* fix(Account): state.isReady + typings

* doc: added account.index to typing definition

* fix: tests

* chore: updated dependencies version to latest

* chore: removed unused bls-sig package

* chore: bump wallet-lib to 5.0.0

* chore: removed unused dev-dep nodeforage

packages/wallet-lib/docs/getting-started/quickstart.md, after:

# Quick start

### ES5/ES6 via NPM

In order to use this library in Node, you will need to add it to your project as a dependency.

Having [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) installed, just type in your terminal : 

```sh
npm install @dashevo/dashjs
```

### CDN Standalone

For browser usage, you can also directly rely on unpkg :  

```
<script src="https://unpkg.com/@dashevo/wallet-lib"></script>
```

## Initialization

Let's load our Wallet by creating a new Wallet instance specifying our mnemonic.

```js
const { Wallet } = require('@dashevo/wallet-lib');

const opts = {
  network: 'testnet',
  mnemonic: "arena light cheap control apple buffalo indicate rare motor valid accident isolate",
};
const wallet = new Wallet(opts);
const account = wallet.getAccount();
account.events.on('ready', _ => console.log('Account ready to be used'));
```

This above code, will by default use DAPI as a transporter and a in-memory store as an adapter.  
One can set any adapter that contains a valid adapter syntax (getItem, setItem), such as [localforage](https://www.npmjs.com/package/localforage).

As you can see, we are waiting for the `ready` event to be thrown before using the Wallet.  
The purpose of this is to ensure that wallet-lib has pre-fetched all required elements (such as your UTXO set) and perform all required tasks (prefetch, sync, validate, workers exec,...) before starting playing with an account.  
Nothing force you to do so, this is mostly an helper provided to you.  


Quick note :
- If no mnemonic is provided (nor any privatekey, HDPubKey,...), a mnemonic will be created for you automatically.  
- By default, if not provided, network value will be `testnet`.
- If no adapter specified, Wallet-lib will use a in-memory store (and warn you about it).
- If no transport specified, Wallet-lib will connect to DAPI.
- `wallet.getAccount()` is by default equivalent to `wallet.getAccount(0)`, where 0 correspond of the account index as per [BIP44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki).

A sugar-syntax replacement for `account.events.on('ready'), exist in a promise : await account.isReady()`

## Make a payment to an address

```js
const options = {
  recipient:{address:'yLptqWxjgTxtwKJuLHoGY222NnoeqYuN8h', satoshis:100000}
};
account
  .createTransaction(options)
  .then((tx)=> console.log(tx));
```

## Broadcast the transaction 

```js
const txid = await account.broadcastTransaction(transaction);
```

## Some rules of thumb

- There is multiple event listeners(socker sync,...), running intervals (service worker,...),
therefore a good way to quit an instance would be to call `account.disconnect()` which will care to
call `clearWorker(), closeSocket()` of the differents elements. You can still decide to remove them by hand if you want.
- Some classic examples of usage can be seen here : [Examples](/usage/examples.md)
