packages/wallet-lib/docs/account/broadcastTransaction.md, before:

**Usage**: `account.broadcastTransaction(transaction)`      
**Description**: Allow to broadcast a valid **signed** transaction to the network.  
**Notes**: Requires a signed transaction, use [`account.sign(transaction)`](/account/sign) for that.  

Parameters: 

| parameters             | type               | required       | Description                                                                                      |  
|------------------------|--------------------|----------------| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **transaction**        | Transaction/String | yes            | A valid [created transaction](/account/createTransaction) or it's hexadecimal raw representation |

Returns : transactionId (string).

N.B : The TransactionID provided is subject to [transaction malleability](https://dashcore.readme.io/docs/core-guide-transactions-transaction-malleability), and is not a source of truth (the transaction might be included in a block with a different txid).

Commit message:

feat: prevent broadcast and throw error on transaction below min relay fee (dashevo/wallet-lib#305)
* feat(createChain): set minRelay fee in chain info

* doc: extend deductFee explanation

* feat(broadcastTransaction): add forceBroadcast property

* feat(broadcastTransaction): verify minimum fee is met or throw error

* test: provide test for broadcastTransaction on not met fee or forced

* test(Storage): update unit test to add fee

* fix: only set relay when provided

* feat: skip fee validation is an options prop

* test: update test

* fix: typo fix

* doc: improved jsdoc

packages/wallet-lib/docs/account/broadcastTransaction.md, after:

**Usage**: `account.broadcastTransaction(transaction)`      
**Description**: Allow to broadcast a valid **signed** transaction to the network.  
**Notes**: Requires a signed transaction, use [`account.sign(transaction)`](/account/sign) for that.  

Parameters: 

| parameters                        | type               | required       | Description                                                                                      |  
|-----------------------------------|--------------------|----------------| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **transaction**                   | Transaction/String | yes            | A valid [created transaction](/account/createTransaction) or it's hexadecimal raw representation |
| **options**                       | Object             | no             | |
| **options.skipFeeValidation**     | Boolean            | no             | When set to true, and min relay fee is not met, will still try to broadcast a transaction        |

Returns : transactionId (string).

N.B : The TransactionID provided is subject to [transaction malleability](https://dashcore.readme.io/docs/core-guide-transactions-transaction-malleability), and is not a source of truth (the transaction might be included in a block with a different txid).
